Second day started off with Puri and aalu as breakfast. Kalyan, my mentor asked me to start with linux and javascript basics. Since I was not known to Javascript, I had to google and start from the scratch. Creating a function was the first thing I learned. I learned to perform the basic mathematical calculation such as addition, subtraction, division and multiplication. I also came across two methods for performing the same calculation. One was by assigning values to different constrains say a, b and c. For example:
Let a=15;
Let b=15;
Let c=a+b;
console.log(c);
Ans: 30

The other method was assigning a function for different calculation. For example:

function sum(a,b)
{return a+b;
}
sum(5,5);
Ans: 10

Then came the basics of Linux. The basics commands were learned like:
pwd= to check current directory
cd= to navigate to  next directory or sub directory.
cd ..=move a level up
cd -=move a level down
mkdir= to make a folder
touch= to make a file
vi=to open the file
:w= to save the text file
:q= to quit the text file
:wq= to save and quit the text file

These taught the fundamentals of Linux and how to start our daily tasks in a text file via linux.
Apart from that, yesterdays's assignment was brought forward for the pending people working in the company. Around 16 people were talked to and listed.
The time passed by and lunch was followed. The next session was about logical thinking by Koushik. He claimed that a life cant be lived without problems and life was all about finding a solution to some or the other problem. As homework, he asked us to find a solution to a problem- a 5l and 3L can  is given without any measurements on them. An amount of 4L of water was required. How to get that with these two can was the question.

Finally, today I worked on Figma as instructed by Kalyan. I learned few basics like designing of an interface, how to add plugins, add graphics and connecting various prototype and screens. It was a really interesting one since I got a chance to design an interface with my imagination and idea. Kalyan also taught me how to sync the prototype into our phones.
