Today was not as normal as other days since it was Friday, the first week off was going to be today. The day started normal as always with the breakfast Pongal.

I was working on the designs on Figma. Was encountering problems one by one has become something funny nowadays. After designing three frames on figma, I was working on new ideas to dsign rest of the frames. I had plenty of issues like drop down layer, arrow keys, navigation from one option to another and so on. So Kalyan asked me to approach Arul who had an upper hand in figma. From him, I came across plugins that will help us with almost issues we face. The arrow icons issue was solved by installing an iconpack plugin. It had n number of icons. So could choose between a variety of icon and key.

After a while by 12pm, Koushik called us up for a session to the second floor. He summarized what all we went through this week. He explained what each tasks were all about and what all it was meant for. Every task had its own gravity and each one outweighed the other. He also answered the question he asked the previous day which was about two vessels of 3 litre and 5 litre. The other question was about a Sudoku puzzle. He gave a briefing about how to solve such Sudoku puzzles in an easy manner which was called train system.

Koushik was followed by Askin’s session. It was his first session for the interns. He gave a small introduction once again after the first day. Quickly, he came to the session after a small chit-chat. Four words were written by him on the board. Duty, Dharma, Obligation and Responsibility were these four words and he asked us up to define all these words starting with responsibility followed by obligation, dharma and finally duty.

He asked us to define each one of them. Basically all of the words were similar to each other in a sense but totally different from each other in another sense. He wanted to come to the conclusion that everything was about the free-will. Each and every person in the world has their own free will. Something wrong for someone’s eyes might not be the same in the eyes of someone else. Similarly, free-will to do is all about what we do from our hearts because we want to do it without any dharma, duty, obligation or responsibility upon us. He tend to convey us how free-will is important for one and for the company. He established that all the people working for the company needs to work whole-heartedly without any force and frown on their eyebrows.

Askin was pretty convincing. He shared how he ended with Abraham in Surfboard and how his journey started from chemical engineering to full stack developer. His session was completed by the time I had to go for the prayer. After the prayer, the lunch was ready in full swing by the time I reached back to the office. Gave myself a break for lunch and got back to work on figma. I was troubled with addition of date in the date of departure and date of arrival column. Approached Arul once again and he told me about how we could copy paste such things from the templates or already made ones.

Since Friday was the last working day of the week, the company had plans for a football match in the turf. It was mandatory for all the interns to participate for the game. So they left us earlier than usual to change ourselves and reach the turf by 7. We changed and reached the turf on time. It was a memorable experience playing with all the colleagues and interns. We saw all roller coaster of emotions throughout the game. All the matches were not just to win but to enjoy the company of each other. Although my team ended up losing, it was a head to head game.

Finally after all matches, we captured the moment by taking a photo to keep the moment alive for the time ahead.
